
GLOBAL CONNECT
VISA SERVICES
transfer or delegate any rights or obligations under this Agreement without obtaining the express written authorization of GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C.
9) GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C cannot be held accountable for the occurrence of circumstances leading to the client's refund requests, such as visa or passport expiration, visa renewal, existing company-related issues, personal issues, or medical conditions, and consequently, we shall not provide any refunds in such scenarios.
10) If a client fails to settle the entire agreed sum within the stipulated timeframe, GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C reserves the right to debit the outstanding fees or service charges from the client's credit/debit card, issue a cheque, or accept cash payments. We also reserve the right to cease providing visa application counseling services if there are any outstanding dues or non- payment within the specified timeframe. Failure to remit the total sum within the given timeframe grants GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C the full right to pursue legal action against the client.
11). Once the work permit is received, GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C requires a guarantee from the client in the form of a blank cheque, a guaranteed cheque, or a passport for the remaining amount that the client is obligated to pay after visa stamping, in accordance with the agreement.
12) If the client fails to pay 50% of the total cost after receiving the work permit within 72 hours, GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C retains the right to terminate the contract. Our team of highly qualified professionals will provide expert advice on securing an interview with the relevant company or immigration officers. While each case is unique and may have some variations, we strive to make each case as strong as possible and achieve the desired outcome. It is important to note that we provide advice and advocacy services and cannot guarantee success since the ultimate decision rests with the relevant company and governing authorities. Additionally, we help in reviewing the documentation and preparing the application forms to lodge the case online or via post, as well as liaising with the authorities to address any questions they may have when appropriate.
13) If the client fails to pay the due amount on time, GLOBAL. CONNECT VISA SERVICES CO. L.L.C may charge a late payment fee of AED 500 per month if post-dated checks are not submitted
+971 52 132 7526/+971 52 160 7164
globalconnectvisa.com
info@globalconnectvisa.com
I 1003, THE EXCHANGE TOWER
BUSINESS BAY, DUBAI, UAE.
Client's Signature_